what is nurses lounge simply put nurses
lounge is a professional network
designed to help nurses stay connected
to the people and organizations most
important to them if you're like most
nurses you met colleagues throughout
nursing school on your career home you'd
like to stay connected to on a
professional level you also participate
in organizations to stay current and
network with like-minded nurses however
the people you want to connect with
change jobs and email addresses and the
information you're looking for is
scattered across the web but thanks to
nurses lounge this is a problem that you
and millions of other nurses will no
longer have to deal with nurses lounge
organizes the nursing profession keeps
the people and information important to
your career in one secure Network and
provides organizations with a platform
to easily communicate information to
their audience thousands of nurses and
professional organizations are already
taking advantage of the nurses lounge
look for the NL icon on participating
school organization and employer
websites getting started is easy if
you're a nurse create your account in
minutes build your professional profile
and choose the information you wish to
share with your colleagues join lounge
pages created by organizations to stay
connected to the people and information
important to you and search exclusive
jobs nursing events and continuing
education lounge pages are free for
not-for-profit organizations like
nursing schools and associations use the
learn more link on her home page for
details on how an interactive lounge
page can benefit your organization we do
all of the setup work and create the
lounge page for you we will work with
you to professionally brand your page
with your logo videos links documents or
any other information you wish to share
if your organization is looking for a
better way to engage with nurses join
nurses lounge today and if you're a
nurse you can help spread the word by
informing your organization's and
colleagues to take advantage of the only
professional network for nurses